Previously we looking at reg X literals and in this lesson we're going to look at the reg X object.
So the object can be constructed and it can also be changed at runtime.
And that's one of the main reasons for using object overliteral because you do have the ability to make
that change as opposed to the literals which are compiled at the load time of the script.
But they also have better performance.
So it all depends on what you need.
But if you need some type of dynamic capability within your reg X then you've got to opt in for the
object format.
So in this lesson I'm going to show you how we can actually replace some content and we can use Regg
X in order to do this.
So first of all I need to create some inputs.
So I'm going to give this one an input of a.
So this is going to be our initial text and then or we can just call it as text for search text.
So this is the text that we're going to be searching for within a string.
So this is going to be an input and we'll do a type input type text and we can leave the value empty.
And then next we're going to do id and this one is going to be what we're going to be replacing that
string with.
So type and this one can be text as well.
So create those two inputs and last.
We also need a function.
So we need another input and this time let's do a button.
So just as what we've been doing before with the click attribute and get this to fire off the function
that is going to do the lookup we'll call it look up.
So basically it's going to look up whatever input we've got here.
And then also it's going to allow us to replace it.
So whenever that gets clicked and let's do a value of find text and I'm also going to do a search for
Replace with and will add in those inputs so that now when Let's go back and refresh and we should also
put in another line break there so let's go and refresh.
So now we've got basically we're going to search for and we're going to replace it with whatever text
we've got here.
So now let's build out our function so we know that we need to have a function and this function is
called look up.
So we're going to look up some content and first thing that we need to do we need to get a string value
that we need to look up.
So this we can create using our documents get element by id and in this case we're going to grab the
contents of output and we'll just do enter text.
So it should be a period there.
So grab the contents of output and this is going to be come our string that we're going to actually
search for.
So the next thing that we need to do we need to actually get those values.
So we need to get our search value so search text value and just do the document get element by ID as
well for this one.
So it can pick up those values
and also let's copy it and we need one more because we need to pick up that replace text so search text
replace text.
And so this one is called text.
And the other one is called Our text.
So that will give us those values.
And of course I still need to put in the values so that when we're grabbing their text that's what we're
grabbing the values and we copy that over to here and save that.
So this gives us all the parameters that we need.
And also the last thing that we need to do is we need to identify a pattern.
So let's set up our Regg.
So are we our regular expression and this time we're going to use it within an object format.
So we're doing new reg expression.
And basically this creates a regular expression for matching text with a pattern.
So basically we need to have some parameters in here.
So the first parameter is that we need to find what we're searching for.
So that's that search text there.
So this is the text that we're looking for.
And the next thing that we need to do is we need to provide attributes.
So the same thing that we were doing before with our literal expressions we can put those parameters
in there.
And this is the same thing that is sitting over here.
So we know that with G This is a global search so it returns back all the values.
It ignores the case so we can put those in there as well and we can put it as IGY or G-I the order actually
doesn't matter because as long as that character is there for the parameter it's going to actually know
what it needs to do.
So that's it.
So now we've got a regular expression and we're taking a look for it.
And let's let's console log go to regular expression and we'll see what's contained within there.
And then after we'll finish off that match and replace and that's going to be just straight Javascript.
So now let's go back and refresh it.
So let's search for javascript and replace it with HVM m-L.
So let's do a find and we see that we actually find the Javascript.
So let's do that again.
So we see that the regular expression is the same as that literal one.
So we see that we've got that slash and now this should be familiar because we know from the previous
lesson that this is the parameter that we're searching.
So next we need to actually apply our regular expression and we can do that.
We can create another variable and this will be the result.
And so within the result we're going to search.
So we need to identify our string or string is within that output text.
So we haven't identified yet that that we're actually searching for that.
So we're searching for it and we're looking for a match and the match parameters.
So this is the regular expression pattern that we want to look for.
So the same idea as what we were doing earlier except we were actually just copying this in and this
time we're building the regular expression.
So this is the same idea but it also gives us the ability to create more of a dynamic regular expression
as well.
So now that we've created this let's let's see what our result and we're going to console log.
So instead of R-E we don't need to log that anymore.
And this time let's log that result go back and refresh it.
And let's let's search for tests first and we see that we get a null result.
And this time with search for javascript and we see that javascript is included.
So the next thing that we know is.
Next thing we need to do is we know that we've actually got a result here and if we have a result then
we can replace it.
So let's do a condition and let's just check to see if result exists and if it exists then what we're
going to do is we're going to do a replace.
So we're going to do an S and set up a match.
We're going to do replace.
And we're going to replace with.
So whatever is matching within our regular expression so our regular expression work get a match.
So this is again where we're using Legere expressions to identify a pattern.
And these two aren't could actually be related.
We can do them independently as well.
And then the next thing that we need to specify is the text that we're replacing it with.
So our team and this is of value that we're grabbing from the Arti field.
So we know if we find it if we do find a result then we can replace it.
And that's just javascript as well.
So let's try this this time and we'll grab javascript and we'll Prosit with age to M-L so find it and
we see that we found it and we need to replace that.
And there's one other thing that we need to do is we need to grab our value and then replace with the
new contents of apps.
Let's go back and refreshed.
So one more time grab a javascript replace it with H TNL and click it and there's one thing that we
need to still do.
And that's place at the end of the string so or we could maybe just put this in a variable so we'll
call it our.
So this is the replaced text instead of S..
Let's do our Because we're not actually updating the string that we've taken in here.
This one still stays the same but when we're doing the replace if we want to update it we could do as
equals.
And that way we could output it.
Or we could create a brand new variable.
So again depending on what we're trying to do.
So let's try this one more time and we're going to try to replace javascript with H to m l.
So there we go.
So we're able to find a match.
And also we can do complete and Javascript.
So basically whatever we type in here this is actually going to replace words.
And so on so we can type a number of information here and we can see that now.
We've actually replaced it.
So what I want you to do now is try it for yourself.
So go ahead and create your web page and then also create a couple of fields here.
I have some content within your output and create a way to update that text dynamically using regular
expressions.
And what I also want you to do is to try it with the same characters so multiple javascript's there
and multiple characters there within there and I'll show you how that works coming up.
So if you get an opportunity to try this out and now we see that we've done quite a few updates there.
So let me update this with each team Mel again and we see that now this time we do do the loop.
We grab all five javascript objects that we were able to find and we replace them with each team.
And you can also add in some conditions and some additional parameters to make this a little bit more
interesting as well.
So that's up to you.
So go ahead and try it for yourself and get familiar with regular expressions.